AES algorithm documentation

Like the RSA algorithm the AES algorithm is quite popular. In fact, it is trusted as a
standard by the U.S. Government. It is largely considered to be resistant to all
attacks, with the overall exception of brute forcing. The major difference between
RSA and AES is that while RSA uses a public and private key system, AES uses a
symmetric key system which means the same key for encrypting and decrypting.

An example of the encryption can be found here: https://www.browserling.com/tools/aes-encrypt 

An example of the decryption can be found here: https://www.browserling.com/tools/aes-decrypt

Key Generation:

An AES key is nothing except a string of random bits of the required length.
For example 128-bit AES key = 16 bytes. These bytes can be any value the user wants,
however it is recommended the user selects something which can’t be socially
engineered but is memorable.


Encryption/Decryption:
The algorithm encrypts the message block by block. Typically of 16 bytes length each.
To encrypt a message you must supply the message (or 16 bytes of it) and the key you
wish to encrypt it with. The following process outlines how to encrypt the message,
In order to decrypt the message one reverses the encryption process.
1.	Key Expansion
	a.	Each round uses a modified key, this modification is performed here.
	b.	Each key that is generated is used for exactly 1 round.
2.	Initial Round
	a.	Add Round Key
3.	Rounds (this is repeated multiple times dependant on the key length, 128 bit = 10 cycles, 192 bit = 12 cycles, 256 bit = 14 cycles.)
	a.	Substitute Bytes
		i.	Swap the bytes out based on the S-box.
	b.	Shift Rows
		i.	Move each row over by a set number of moves, with the blocks that get pushed off the edge added to the other side.
			1.	For example:
				a.	ABCD - Shift by 0 -> ABCD
					EFGH - Shift by 1 -> HEFG
					IJKL - Shift by 2 -> KLIJ
					MNOP - Shift by 3 -> NOPM
	c.	Mix Columns
	d.	Add Round Key
	e.	Loop
4.	Final Round
	a.	Sub bytes
	b.	Shift Rows
	c.	Add Round Key
